POWERMON-577 [POWERMON] 0.5 Uninstall Doc Updates (#95973)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/power-monitoring-deleting-power-monitor-custom-resource.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * power_monitoring/uninstalling-power-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="power-monitoring-deleting-power-monitoring-custom-resource_{context}"]
= Deleting the PowerMonitor custom resource

> You can delete the `PowerMonitor` custom resource definition (CRD) by removing the `power-monitor` instance of the `PowerMonitor` CRD from the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete the `PowerMonitor` custom resource (CR) by removing the `power-monitor` instance of the `PowerMonitor` CR from the {product-title} web console.
```
